docs: add VM instance compatibility matrix (#47)
charmed-hpc/docs: reference/compatibility-matrix.md

(reference-compatibility-matrix)=

> # Compatibility Matrix

Reviewer: Something like 'VM compatibility' might be better as a title, since the current title doesn't hint at _what_ is/is not compatible.

Author: Good catch. I've changed the title to "Virtual machine compatibility" for clarity.

> The tables below provide an overview of cloud instance types that have been tested for compatibility with Charmed HPC revisions. Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tables below provide an overview of cloud instance types that have been tested for compatibility with Charmed HPC revisions. Inclusion in a table indicates that the corresponding VM type has been tested; however, exclusion from the table simply indicates that the instance has not been tested thoroughly and may be compatible or incompatible with Charmed HPC. 

The compatibility key:
```

* <span style="color:green">&#x2714; Compatible</span>: Fully compatible with all Charmed HPC features. No known issues.

> * <span style="color:orange">&#x25B3; Partial</span>: May be compatible with a subset of Charmed HPC features or have issues that can be worked around to allow for basic use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <span style="color:orange">&#x25B3; Partial</span>: May be compatible with a subset of Charmed HPC features or may have issues that require work-arounds.
```

Reviewer: 'Basic use' is arbitrary enough here that we probably should just avoid saying it unless we spell out exactly what that type of use would be.

> * <span style="color:red">&#x2718; Incompatible</span>: Has issues that prevent even basic use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <span style="color:red">&#x2718; Incompatible</span>: Has issues that prevent all use-cases.
```
